Stir 1 oz Longdon dry gin, 1 oz sweet vermouth and 1 oz Campari with ice. Garnish with orange peel.
Equal parts sweet, bitter and boozy. Crucial in the modern cocktail revival.
Mix gin and tonic water to preference. Pour over ice and garnish with lime wedge.
In 1800s India with malaria present, British East India soldiers mixed bitter cure-all quinine with water, sugar, lime and gin.
Stir 2 oz gin or vodka, 1 oz dry vermouth and optionally orange bitters in ice. Strain and garnish with a lemon peel.
Around 1863, a drink called the Martinez has become popular in San Francisco. Bitters and Maraschino was stripped from the recipe and the Martini emerged.
Stir 2 oz gin or vodka, 1 oz dry vermouth and optionally orange bitters in ice. Strain and garnish with a lemon peel.
Around 1863, a drink called the Martinez had become popular in San Francisco. Bitters and Maraschino was stripped from the recipe and the Martini emerged.
Shake 2 oz white rum, 1 oz lime juice, 3/4 oz simple syrup with ice. Strain into a coupe.
This drink was said to be invented in the town of Santiago de Cuba by an American during the Spanish-American War.
Shake 2 oz gin or vodka and 2/3 oz lime juice with cracked ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Said to have been made by Thomas Gimelette, Surgeon General of the Royal Navy. Lime was added to gin to prevent sailors from getting scurvy.
Shake 2 oz gin or vodka and 2/3 oz lime juice with cracked ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Said to have been made by Thomas Gimelette, Surgeon General of the Royal Navy. Lime was added to gin to prevent sailors from getting scurvy.
Rub a lime wedge over rim of rocks glass and twist on a plate of coarse salt. Shake 2 oz silver tequila, 1 oz Cointreu and 1 oz lime juice with cracked ice and strain.
Most say the drink was made in Tijuana and was named after one man's love.
Muddle 2 tsp sugar and half a lime, cut into wedges. Fill with ice and add 2 oz Cachaca.
Brazil's national cocktail, one account says the drink came about in 1918 in the region of Alentejo in Portugal.
Muddle 2 tsp sugar and half a lime, cut into wedges. Fill with ice and add 2 oz vodka.
Identical to a Caipirinha, except made with vodka instead of Cachaca.
Pour 1.5 oz. vodka, 0.5 oz. lime juice into a mug. Add ice cubes and 0.5 cups ginger beer and stir. Garnish with a lime wedge.
Most often served in a copper mug, this drink was actually invented in Los Angeles.
Shake 1.5 oz spiced rum, 1.5 oz coconut-flavoured rum, 1 teaspoon grenadine, 3 oz pineapple juice and 2 oz. orange juice with ice. Strain into glass filled with ice.
In 1944, Victor J. Bergeron claims to have invented this drink in Oakland, California. One of his friends tried it and exclaimed "Maita'i roa ae!" (literally: very good!), hence the name.
Combine ginger ale or lemon-lime soda with orange juice and a splash of grenadine.
Thought to have been made at a bar to serve then-child actor Shirly Temple. In an interview in 1986, she claims to dislike the drink.